let us explain how we can
put so simple so they understand
and yesterday I was in traffic and I said
that fucking traffic that does not mean that
we think traffic is homosexual the
another day when they go persie got the
golazo head says that's why
does not mean that we think that
something like people the same
sex last Tuesday I said to hair without
want pinche puti funny flight that is
I said it because I got my eggs
for another thing
gaspar's sister we always tell her
that is a whore do not start no then that
only what we say because he
fascinates the resumed month grandfather me
fascinates and that once as a child my
mom fucked me stealing tortillas and
a little store because I had not eaten like
in three days and you told me you stole some for
me too fucking the word point too
have other applications for example in
the stadium of Real Madrid make fun of
the colored players throwing them
bananas and the fifa does nothing ball of
point they see in russia discriminates
openly against the community
homosexual and you in all your
wisdom decided to grant them the
global 2018 to together because
we are very proud to live
in a city where there is no discrimination
what a stupid
my mom was screaming at the doctor until
at this point it's net but if I
told my daddy one day before we
they left today I was cold and I said what
cold spot yesterday I ate gives us cases
I said that together tacos and again no
we are saying that the cold and the tacos
they are gay until the dog of miki nadal is
llama poto
He explained that once at a gas station I
and my friend that we have admitted evaristo
sucking from the video jairo and I asked
to my friend you think that's wrong
good lords of pita hopefully we have
captured what we want to decide and
worry about the pinches services
jackets that have and in the end the only thing
What we have left to tell you is
together